then hello in stores
there is a stir the summer residents are puzzled
the choice of onions came to you for advice what
can offer
hello one of guaranteed
ways to grow a big crop
onion is cultivating sounds sevka i
I choose several varieties differing in
maturity and taste
early onion qualities carmen red
he is high-yielding and he is very good
apply cooking because how beautiful
becomes salads
but still the majority of summer residents
prefer to plant yellow classic
varieties of onions that you can offer
I can recommend which is known
so that the reason gorton still such varieties as
with turon is set to look parties he them
the middle previously and has such a weak
spicy taste he is a high-yielding variety and
kept more than six months article but all
here is the most beautiful exotic on
my opinion is of course white onion
varieties that they are different
this is a snowball bow he is a late sort he
have such a delicate taste
flawless for salads as you store
home lou who purchased it now I
go through to exclude damaged ones
the bulbs are then laid out in cardboard
boxes in a thin layer and put in the dark
place at a temperature of 18 to 20 degrees so
called warm security but
it is imperative that there are no batteries
with this method, the bow will not arrow
to have you spring in April I
getting out
I process copper sulphate solution
10 liters 1 teaspoon of copper
the vitriol is then rinsed with clean water
and start landing
then another problem with which now
our summer residents are faced with a choice
soil for growing seedlings
what qualities should he have
so that we get a guaranteed harvest
it is imperative that he
russkie filmi that is, the sequence in it was
neutral so that it is easy to
could plants get our
enough air and sure that in
micro has been added to it
macronutrients fertilizer prolonged
action and add to which allows it
hair keep invested it is permissible
agro perlite faithful cooler for this i
I use several types of soil
For example, with vermiculite, soil soot
so that the plant breathed well choose
normal standard garden land
and also choosing special soils for
eggplant tomato peppers this with agro
perlite from special high-moor peat
I like them here very much
big variety i mean i can
pick and for cucumbers and for tomato and
especially for seedlings and especially for
of vegetables
but I think all the ingredients that you
called the good ground our gardeners
will be able to
find out about it on the back of the package
yes of course you just need to read
wishing you the sun in the soul and rich
harvest in the country